5.0.1 Release (#55)
blackbaud/skyux-data-manager: CHANGELOG.md

> # 5.0.1 (2021-10-29)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 5.0.1 (2021-11-01)
```
Probably want to update the date since this didn't get out on Friday.

> - Appended description to columnIds. [#54](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-data-manager/pull/54)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the description for the `columnIds` input. [#54](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-data-manager/pull/54)
```
